Announce Linux container images rebuilt (#6624)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/blog/2023/08/22/2023-08-22-alpine-containers-rebuilt.adoc

---
layout: post
title: "Alpine containers rebuilt"
tags:
- issues
- jira
authors:
- markewaite
- dduportal
opengraph:
  image: /images/post-images/2023/08/22/2023-08-22-alpine-containers-rebuilt/alpine-containers-rebuilt.png
discourse: true
---

= Alpine containers rebuilt

A Jenkins job mistakenly rebuilt the Alpine container images for recent Jenkins weekly releases and recent Jenkins LTS releases.
Users that downloaded those Alpine container images received container images that could not run the Jenkins controller.
The incorrect container images would fail to run with the message that Jenkins is not supported with Java 8.

[source]
----
Running with Java 8 from /usr/lib/jvm/java-1.8-openjdk/jre,
which is older than the minimum required version (Java 11).
Supported Java versions are: [11, 17, 21]
----

== Corrected Alpine container images

The Alpine container images for Jenkins 2.419, 2.401.1, 2.401.2, and 2.401.3 have been rebuilt August 21, 2023.

Container images for Jenkins agents are not affected.

> Container images for other Jenkins base images (like Debian, UBI, and AlmaLinux) are not affected.

Author: Spelling correction.
```suggestion
Container images for other Jenkins base images (like Debian, UBI, and Alma Linux) are not affected.
```
